fix(css): remove content:contents (#36386)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/content/index.md

- One of two keywords — `none` or `normal`
- `<content-replacement>` when replacing a DOM node. `<content-replacement>` is always an `<image>`.

> - A `<content-list>` when replacing pseudo-elements and margin boxes. A content-list is a list of one or more anonymous inline boxes appearing in the order specified. Each `<content-list>` item is of type [`<string>`](#string), [`<image>`](#image), [`<counter>`](#counter), [`<quote>`](#quote), [`<target>`](#target), or [`<leader()>`](#leader).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A `<content-list>` when replacing pseudo-elements and margin boxes. A `<content-list>` is a list of one or more anonymous inline boxes appearing in the order specified. Each `<content-list>` item is of type [`<string>`](#string), [`<image>`](#image), [`<counter>`](#counter), [`<quote>`](#quote), [`<target>`](#target), or [`<leader()>`](#leader).
```

>   - : The default value. Computes to `none` for the {{cssxref("::before")}} and {{cssxref("::after")}} pseudo-elements. For other pseudo-elements, the content will be the initial (or normal) content expected for that {{cssxref("::marker")}}, {{cssxref("::placeholder")}}, or {{cssxref("::file-selector-button")}}. For regular elements or page margin boxes, this computes to `contents`.

Author: ```suggestion
  - : The default value. Computes to `none` for the {{cssxref("::before")}} and {{cssxref("::after")}} pseudo-elements. For other pseudo-elements, the content will be the initial (or normal) content expected for that {{cssxref("::marker")}}, {{cssxref("::placeholder")}}, or {{cssxref("::file-selector-button")}}. For regular elements or page margin boxes, this computes to the element’s descendants.
```
